# SmartLeakageAndWaterLevel
 Smart Water Level and Leakage Monitoring
 
 Internet of Things (IoT) as an emergent technology, are set to progress the agriculture industry. Agriculture, as one of the sector, embracing IoT, to set the changes, deploying IoT for smart farming, creating what is now called as Smart Agriculture. Agriculture is the leading consumer of water around the globe, which sums to up to 70% of the total usage. Thus, making the ultimatum for smart water management as an assurance for water and food security as well as agricultural products. Water resources management includes planning, developing, distributing and managing the optimum use of water resources, which is vital for the proliferation of crop yields despite contributing to water sustainability. This article predominantly periodicals the engagement of a smart water management system prototype, the AGRI2L system, proposed as part of the IoT solution. The system architecture and a detailed description of the physical scenario on how AGRI2L system works for data management as part of IoT platforms. AGRI2L system allows being manageable and interoperable in the specific context of water resource management processes. This prototype aims at proposing a design for an implementation detail of smart water level and leakage monitoring system by engaging the real-time data to facilitate the analyst focuses more on analysis and actions in short period with low cost. Overall, data and IoT-based smart agriculture enable the future of agriculture.
